Future Admin Generator (#1599)
vivid-planet/comet: .changeset/happy-fans-pump.md

---
"@comet/cms-admin": minor
---

> Add new generation of admin generator that works with configuration files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add future Admin Generator that works with configuration files
```
